Sometimes you not only want to pre-populated D-Fla. the user entered but you also want to instantly
react to any changes.
Right now everything about this for me your only updates once I click submit.
Then I get this form object where I can retrieve the value.
We don't use two way binding Engy model is ever used without any binding or with one way binding.
But sometimes you instantly want to check something or simply repeat whatever the user entered.
Let's show an example for this question here.
I'm going to add a new form group which style here below the dropdown.
I want to have a text area let's say to introduce a new input.
Let's name it.
Question or answer don't need the idea here don't need columns.
I want to have three rows let's say.
And I'll also distribute this over multiple lines.
And now we could add Engy model to get access to whatever the user entered as a reply.
But maybe for some reason we instantly want to repeat this reply so belowdecks we could say your reply.
And now we want to output the answer to the question.
Well for this we could still use two way binding on and you model your and bind it to the answer property
here.
Of course we need to actually use this onze or property then there.
An answer could be an empty string by default.
With this in place let me also add SEUS as class to the text area form control to give it some nice
styling.
If this reloads we see our text area here and if I enter valid data here for my first pet let's say
a rabbit named Nellie you instantly see that your so you can still use today binding.
And actually if I submit the whole form and open up the developer tools you'll see in the value object.
This is still part of this value object.
It just is updated with every keystroke.
But of course if we submit it we will get a snapshot of the value at a point of time we hit submit.
So two way binding is still possible.
You can still use energy model with two way binding and with that you saw all three forms no binding
to just tell angular data input is a control.
One way binding to give that control a default value and 2 were binding to instantly outputted or do
whatever you want to do with that value